## Setup Guide
1. [Create a new repository](https://github.com/new?owner=&template_name=octoforce-actions&template_owner=github) from this repo.  Check out your new repo locally.
2. If you haven't already, [enable DevHub](https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=sf.sfdx_setup_enable_devhub.htm&type=5) in your production Salesforce org.  Workflows in octoforce-actions will use your org's DevHub to provisioning development and test sandboxes for your project.
3. Create (or repurpose an existing) an admin user in your production org that will be used for deployments and sandbox provisioning.
4. Create a connected app in your production Salesforce org for the octoforce CI/CD application that will be provisioning sandboxes and deploying to production.
    - create a [private key and certificate for your app](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/atlas.en-us.sfdx_dev.meta/sfdx_dev/sfdx_dev_auth_key_and_cert.htm)
    - Set the `Permitted Users` field to "Admin approved users are pre-authorized"
    - Relax IP restrictions
    - Check the "Enable OAuth Settings" field and grant the app the following permissions:
      -  Perform requests at any time
      -  Manage user data via APIs
    - For the Callback URL field, enter https://localhost
    - Grant the "system administrator" or whichever profile the user that will be  access to the new connected app
5. Clone your production org to create a sandbox named "template".  This is the org that will be cloned to create your dev and uat sandboxes.
6. Update the connected app in your template sandbox.
    - upload your cert (you can use the same one as your production org or generate a new key/cert pair)
    - grant appropriate permissions/policies
    - grant the "system administrator" profile (or whichever profile the admin user created in step 3 has) access to the new connected app
7. [Follow these directions](https://github.com/github/octoforce-actions/blob/add-setup-docs/docs/SFDX%20Auth%20URLs%20%26%20Encryption.md) for the AGE key setup.
8. Create a PAT with "repo" scope and store its value as a secret in your repo with the key "SCOPED_PAT"
9. In your local copy of your new repo, run the `scripts/setup` script to install all required plugins.
10. Import your Salesforce org's metadata into your repo:
    - Create an issue to import your Salesforce metadata into your repo.
    - Create a new branch for your issue, following the issue branch naming convention (e.g., issue-1).  **Wait for your dev and uat sandboxes to be fully provisioned before proceeding.**
    - Check out your new issue branch locally and run the `scripts/sandbox_auth` script.  You will be asked to log into your newly created dev and uat sandboxes.
    - Commit the newly created `.age` file to your repo.
    - If you are using the `profiles:decompose` plugin, you will need to:
      - Uncomment the following lines in .gitignore 
        - force-app/main/default/profiles/*-meta.xml
        - force-app/main/default/permissionsets/*-meta.xml
      - Run the following command: `mkdir -p force-app/main/default/profiles/decomposed force-app/main/default/permissionsets/decomposed`
    - Adjust your package.xml file accordingly, so that it includes all of the metadata types you wish to store in your project.
    - Retrieve your metadata with `scripts/retrieve -u issue-# -x package.xml`
    - `git add force-app`; git commit -m "initial metadata import"; git push origin

## Required Configurations

### Secrets

The following secrets are required to be set in the repository settings:

- `SCOPED_PAT`
  - This is a personal access token with the `repo` scope. This is used to checkout the repository and push any changes.
- `SALESFORCE_JWT_KEY`
  - This is the private key used to generate the JWT token. This is used to authenticate with Salesforce production.
- `SALESFORCE_CLIENT_ID`
  - This is the client ID used to generate the JWT token. This is used to authenticate with Salesforce production.
- `SALESFORCE_DEVHUB_USERNAME`
  - This is the username of the DevHub org. This is used to authenticate with Salesforce production.
- `SALESFORCE_TEMPLATE_CONSUMER_KEY`
  - This is the consumer key of the template org. This is used to authenticate with the template sandbox.
- `SALESFORCE_TEMPLATE_USERNAME`
  - This is the username of the template org. This is used to authenticate with the template sandbox.
- `SALESFORCE_TEMPLATE_JWT_SECRET_KEY`
  - This is the private key used to generate the JWT token. This is used to authenticate with the template sandbox.
- `BOT_USER_EMAIL`
  - This is the email of the bot user. This is used to create pull requests against the main branch.
- `BOT_USER_NAME`
  - This is the name of the bot user. This is used to create pull requests against the main branch.
- `SFDX_AUTH_SECRET_KEY`
  - This is the age private key used to encrypt sfdx auth URLs. The encrypted sfdx auth URLs are required to deploy pull requests to UAT sandboxes and are generated by running `scripts/sandbox_auth`. Please see [SFDX Auth URLs & Encryption.md](SFDX%20Auth%20URLs%20%26%20Encryption.md) for more information.
### Repository Variables

The following repository variables are required to be set in the repository settings:

- `ISSUE_BRANCH_PREFIX`
  - This is the prefix used for the issue branch. This is used to identify branches that require a sandbox.
- `RELEASE_BRANCH_PREFIX`
  - This is the prefix used for the release branch. This is used to identify branches where pull requests should be deployed to test sandbox.
- `GENERATE_RELEASE`
  - This is feature flag that is a boolean value that determines whether release notes should be generated.
- `SALESFORCE_FORMATTED_PROFILES_AND_PERMS`
  - This is a feature flag that is a boolean value that determines whether profiles and permissions should be formatted using the `profile:decompose` plugin.
- `DEPLOYMENT_TIMEOUT`
  - The number of minutes to wait for the `force:source:deploy` command to complete and display results.
